Update the-quest-rules.md (#173)
oasislabs/docs: src/operators/the-quest-rules.md

## How to Join

The Quest is now live but you can still join. Just follow these

> steps to join the testnet [here][setup-docs].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
steps to join the Testnet [here][setup-docs].
```

  we’ll let you know when we’re doing this and may also do a bit more
  unannounced to keep everyone honest :).
* **Delegation**: For one upgrade we’ll plan to turn delegation on. We’ll do

>   this **after rewarding the most staked** and will then ask people to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  this **after determining the winner(s) for most stake accumulated** and will then ask people to
```
